README.md, before:

# Drum-Kit [![Template Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-App-red)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0) [![Template Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/Technologies%20-HTML%2FCSS%2FJS-brightgreen)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

This is basically a drum kit non responsive ui when you click on a button or click on a key on a keyboard an audio will play with an effect hope you like my project

***NOTE that If you press a same key multiple times the audio will play with delay that is beacuse the audio clips i used are have 1s to 2s of emty space***

## 🛠 Technologies Used
  - HTML - Hyper Text Markup Language
  - CSS - Cascadeing Spread Sheet
  - JS - Java Script

## 🚩 Demo In Laptop Screen


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108281031/192713906-c36855d0-d438-461a-b097-85a989b659fc.mp4

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Srinivasan-Akash/Drum-Kit.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd Drum-Kit
```
## ✍️ Author and 📞 Contact
- [Akash Srinivasan](https://www.github.com/octokatherine)
    - [Coder Community](https://web.codercommunity.io/user/62d568cb998d86c8883a2766?tab=posts)
    - [![facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100083429257499)
    - [![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/akash_prashanthi/)
    - [![youtube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-ff0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAv1QdzDgV6MjA60CRtfkIg)

## 📝 Features

- Good UI
- Good Audio
- Beautifull UI/UX Design
- Keyboard Events and Click Events
- Dark Themed Website
- Hosted on Netlify and set up in production

## 😌 Honest Time to finish the project
I had took about 42min. Also if you press one key multiple times it will not will play but with delay this is because the audio clips i used has empty space of 1s approx

## 👀 Feedback
If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at qa.sixsigma@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added Folder Structure Section in readme

README.md, after:

# Drum-Kit [![Template Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-App-red)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0) [![Template Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/Technologies%20-HTML%2FCSS%2FJS-brightgreen)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

This is basically a drum kit non responsive ui when you click on a button or click on a key on a keyboard an audio will play with an effect hope you like my project

***NOTE that If you press a same key multiple times the audio will play with delay that is beacuse the audio clips i used are have 1s to 2s of emty space***

## 🛠 Technologies Used
  - HTML - Hyper Text Markup Language
  - CSS - Cascadeing Spread Sheet
  - JS - Java Script
  
## 📂 File Structure
This is made in vanialla JS so the file structure is not too complex basically have 4 files which are
      - index.html - Contains all html elements
      - style.css - styles the html element
      - app.js - Adds eventlisteners
      - util.js - Has all the utility functions

## 🚩 Demo In Laptop Screen


https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108281031/192713906-c36855d0-d438-461a-b097-85a989b659fc.mp4

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Srinivasan-Akash/Drum-Kit.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd Drum-Kit
```
## ✍️ Author and 📞 Contact
- [Akash Srinivasan](https://www.github.com/octokatherine)
    - [Coder Community](https://web.codercommunity.io/user/62d568cb998d86c8883a2766?tab=posts)
    - [![facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100083429257499)
    - [![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/akash_prashanthi/)
    - [![youtube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-ff0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAv1QdzDgV6MjA60CRtfkIg)

## 📝 Features

- Good UI
- Good Audio
- Beautifull UI/UX Design
- Keyboard Events and Click Events
- Dark Themed Website
- Hosted on Netlify and set up in production

## 😌 Honest Time to finish the project
I had took about 42min. Also if you press one key multiple times it will not will play but with delay this is because the audio clips i used has empty space of 1s approx

## 👀 Feedback
If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at qa.sixsigma@gmail.com
